Hi Shannon Kitchen and Ozair Waseem, I see that you both signed up to be part of the
Cryptodea building crew, welcome!

As you may (or may not know), I altered the description of the project to better reflect
the website as a whole; it's now described as a wild-west of cryptocurrency ideas
as the spirit of it being open-source, anyone can create and delete any cryptocurrency
idea generated within the website.

After we're done, I'll be marketing our website to bitcoiners/cryptocurrency enthusiasts
in my sparetime so Cryptodea will be live (and usable) for years to come. 

In regards to our main responsibilities, they are as follows:
Shannon Kitchell: Front-End Engineering & Git
Ozair Waseem: Back-End Engineering & Git
Jeremy Akatsa: Git, AWS & Front-End/Back-End[when needed]

Note: as you can see (from the wireframe), the about us page will feature our roles on this website, links to 
our githubs/linkedin's as well as our overall techstack knowledge
(think of this page as our 2nd resume).

In regards to the Wednesday Group Project Proposal Check-off list 
(in the Coding-Dojo Platform [wireframes section]), y'all can check off all the
tasks and link the github repo to complete the proposal assignment today if you'd like.

How we'll integrate the front-end/back-end: 
As you both know, the back-end will be built with Java since I'm only knowledgable on 
launching a project on AWS with java. 
We're all coming from different stack knowledge bases so
I'll reach back after researching how to integrate python(front-end) with java(back-end)
when I send y'all requests to connect you both to the Cryptodea repository (after refreshing my 
knowledge on how these gitignore/branching git terminal commands work). 
I should have the front-end(python)/back-end(java) integration info 
(including the repository joining requests) to you both 
by EOD (End Of Day) Wednesday (11/11/20).

I work a full-time job on-top of attending coding-dojo so these are the times when I'll be
available to consistently chat while working on algorithms and our group assignment.
- Mondays: 5pm-8pm (PST)
- Tuesdays: 5pm-8pm (PST)
- Wednesdays: 5pm-8pm (PST)
- Thursdays: OFF
- Fridays: 5pm-9pm (PST)
- Saturdays: 9am-7pm (PST)
- Sundays: 8am-5pm (PST)

This is gonna be a learning experience for me as much as it will be for you, but I think it'll be
well worth it in the end.

I check mattermost occasionally so 
the best way to reach me is through my e-mail: jeyakatsa@gmail.com if you have any questions,
in-case of urgency, I can provide my personal number (if needed).

All the best,

Jeremy-A